Mention Diverce in Next.js guide in Pages docs (#21102)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/pages/framework-guides/nextjs/ssr/index.mdx

[Next.js](https://nextjs.org) is an open-source React.js framework for building full-stack applications. This section helps you deploy a full-stack Next.js project to Cloudflare Pages using [`@cloudflare/next-on-pages`](https://github.com/cloudflare/next-on-pages/tree/main/packages/next-on-pages/docs).

:::note
You should consider using [`@opennextjs/cloudflare`](https://opennext.js.org/cloudflare), which allows you to build and deploy Next.js apps to [Cloudflare Workers](/workers/static-assets/), use [Node.js APIs](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/) that Cloudflare Workers supports, and supports additional Next.js features.

> If you're coming from Vercel, you can easily migrate your Next.js app to Cloudflare by using [Diverce](https://github.com/ygwyg/diverce), which will automatically add OpenNext to your project and create a pull request that makes it deployable to Cloudflare. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're coming from Vercel, you can migrate your Next.js app to Cloudflare by using a community tool, [Diverce](https://github.com/ygwyg/diverce), which will automatically add OpenNext to your project and create a pull request that makes it deployable to Cloudflare. 
```
